mmm anyway yes so just today actually I
have my passport on the table because
just today I was doing the airplane
tickets and the hotel reservations and
that kind of thing for for Chiang Mai so
this is very much very much a present
concern for me and yeah I don't know
it's been about 10 years since i've been
in Chiang Mai I don't know did you see
it's a I mean all my videos are obscure
I had one video called riding a bicycle
is not the meaning of life did you know
about that one yeah yeah one of one of
the really long bike rides i made it was
not complete it wasn't intentional at
one point my computer broke that was
living in Laos Indian Chan and the
closest shop where i could buy macintosh
software at that time was in chiang mai
so I went on a bike trip in order to
repair my Mac you know she's crazy on
many different levels and I went this
really really long distance going west
from venchan capitalist all the way to
Chiang Mai you you've been to VN chendo
on a visa run yeah I thought I thought
you had at least one video about that
yeah so yeah we live in the same the
same orbit yeah uh anyway yeah so I'm
looking at all those things again and I
guess again Chiang Mai will become part
of my life what questions could ask you
don't worry we'll get on to the real
conversation a second but I was just
talking to another vegan youtuber i
guess i can name i was talking to jake
Eames this is not private it's ok sorry
to Jake Eames and he's also going to
Chiang Mai soon he's going to be there
soon we're not there at the same time
but I said to him like we were talking
about it was giving him advice I said to
him like honestly there's nothing to do
in chiang mai I don't I don't hate it
I'm not saying it's a terrible place to
go but like I had all these suggestions
for things to do in other cities in
Thailand oh yeah and lop buri and
different did the northeast of tile in
the South Island was like you know
Chiang Mai it's a city but what do you
what do you do
bear let me ask you so you've been
living in Chiang Mai for a while what do
you do there or what yeah so I used to
go up to Mountain like all the other
like bike riders also for people and
then at some point I just like stopped
yeah and focus on more other things and
now what I do is um I do gymnastics
twice a week uh and I started learning
Japanese oh really okay yeah yeah well
you know I just I would just like
because I always wanted to learn
Japanese so I thought I just like start
learning Japanese and then do a little
bit of Thai since I'm Italian but then
I'm doing four hours a week of Japanese
so it got too much to keep up so just
left the tie okay well I had no idea you
had any connection to Japan or Japanese
I just stopped learning Japanese I had a
few videos on that yeah but for the past
one year I sorry actually i have my
japanese books are underneath my
computer monitor so i would hold them up
there they're just here and i can't i
can't show them to you but actually i
just did one year of Japanese and I was
planning to move to Japan and as a
result my youtube channel i have
actually quite a number of vegans in
japan who watched my channel because I
was reaching out to them and saying hi
I'm vegan on a movie to Japan but now
all that's cancelled and i'm moving to
China instead but yeah I just adjusted
Japanese that's interesting though do
you have do you hang out at one of the
universities to study Japanese or do you
have a private tutor or what no it's a
it's chiang mai japanese school Wow okay
great i didn't i didn't know that exists
no that's really good but i've got to
say i have a lot of experience living in
all of asia in terms of money it makes
much more sense to learn japanese in
thailand than in japan as Japan actually
my my thoughts like oh it's so much
cheaper here I should just finally learn
it since I always yes it's a real
difference boy Japan is is hopeless for
that and Japan is also set up very very
badly for teaching foreigners I'd like
it has to do with different technical
details and legal details
oh it's so that I was actually thinking
about learning Japanese in Taiwan not in
Thailand because like well Taiwan at
least is set up to welcome in foreign
students in a certain way but no
Thailand I mean I'd never thought about
it I didn't think there would be i I
didn't I just didn't really think about
it for different reasons but yeah
Thailand is probably a much better place
for chiba japan stays and and better
vegetarian food and you know better cost
of living and all those things ah that's
interesting so what are you thinking i
mean i get i can edit this out if you
don't want on youtube but what do you
think you for the future is japanese
adjust your interest are you thinking
about visiting there or working there or
what have you the future moment it's
just like interest but i also want to
visit or work or whatever opportunity
comes up for me in the future yeah well
i mean i can honestly say having studied
both languages both thai and japanese
japanese is a more difficult language i
i i i don't know i mean it's a question
of what you find rewarding also I you
know with Japanese for me what what I
hoped with Japanese was that would be
the last language I studied was that
this is a language you know in terms of
the the depth of of the books and the
newspapers and the literature and
history was ok this can be the language
that I'm reading when I'm 60 years old
like when I'm an old man this is still
glowing because for me languages like
thai even though they're interesting and
rewarding it does not have that kind of
depth of interest for me i would not
want to wake up in the morning and read
the newspaper and tie or watch the news
on TV and tie and i would I wouldn't
want it to be the language I was working
on when I was 60 years old either so
obvious obviously this is partly just
totally subjective but when you're
thinking about that long term commitment
to the language japanese i thought was
rewarding and also just mentioned like
in the past like but looking at the last
100 years I'm not interested in ancient
Japanese literature I'm not but just
within the last 100 years there's been a
lot of really interesting stuff
published in in Japanese and you get to
see like all their crazy attempts to
respond to European influence
they you know they kind of reinvent you
know we have the saying in English to
reinvent the wheel you know but they
really yeah but like within 100 years
there were so many European ideas and
European technologies where the Japanese
they did reinvent it you know for them
it was new and they you know they
reacted to it and wrote their own
philosophies so that that stuff is kind
of fun fun to see but yeah anyway I'm
sorry that's interesting but I mean God
so you know anyway I've just I've just
given up on Japanese again and gone gone
back to learning Chinese so now I hope
Chinese will be the last but we'll see i
have i have mixed feelings about about
both of them but God so you already on
to doing the the reading and writing
aspects of Japanese a little bit you
doing yeah god hiragana katakana and I
just started out with kanji like the
numbers and today so so I just asked
because what we can both compare did you
learn a little bit of how to read and
write the Thai language like you know I
know I know it's hard though okay well
that's the funny thing so most people
say reading and writing thai is very
very difficult which you can see just
from the science like it's it's not
simple but i mean i'm in the one class
of people for whom it's easy i had
already studied the ancient languages so
pali and sanskrit are these ancient
languages for the the region so it's
really funny but what all the other
foreigners find difficult and even what
type II Polly difficult in the reading
rich for me was easy so it's huge
advantage with the the reading writing
system and I say to people well it's
like if you go to Europe and you've
already studied Latin and Greek you know
and then learning here but of course
yeah it makes everybody everything so
much easier because I had to study Latin
at school oh yeah so I got to 11 where I
was starting to do like the original
text you like Caesar and that kind of
stuff um and I like it is the basis for
everything in Europe basically right
well ok by me so that's really
interesting so Leah I didn't know this
about you you've got like five languages
okay
but what cuz it's at like I know I know
the mix right and Japanese and we're not
we're not counting ty but if you wanted
to you could add you get at that I know
when when you're applying for a
university you could add tied your
listen it's you can exaggerate that one
it's okay but that's no but that's
interesting so you're are you are you 20
years old now or what you're about okay
well look you gotta you've got a lot of
advantages in life then that's great i
mean i'm everett I thing is I say I'm
happy for you actually I'm sad for you
because I know how much work it is to
study languages you know and and uh and
you know with with any one of those
languages you don't know how much will
it be part of your future or what have
you you know even even German like I
mean you speak English so well now I I
knew a German guy in Thailand and he
even though he was born speaking German
then he didn't speak German for 30 years
living so it is it is strange it's
wonderful to work on a lot of languages
but it can also be kind of sad and a lot
of suffering i would have you yeah yeah
hey wow that's that's really cool no I
didn't know that about you but I mean
look you know the other thing that's
great is that will have you visited
Japan already or no okay yeah yeah well
no it's good because you know you'll
really be in a position to think
critically about each of these countries
like you've seen Thailand you know
what's good about Thailand you know
what's bad about talent so when you see
Japan you know what I mean you won't you
won't have an extreme perspective on it
you'll be able to see it in a spectrum
of things the other thing I'll mention
is you know many Japanese people are
boring it's a secret nobody wants to
admit this uh but in Thailand you meet
really interesting Japanese people in
Cambodia in Laos even you know in
kunming I met really interesting
Japanese people outside of Japan and of
course when you're really in Japan there
they're pretty boy
only ninety-nine percent of people I you
know I know that effect works both ways
when i was living in VN chen the capital
city of Laos i met people who would say
to me oh you know Canadians are also
wonderful like what what do you what are
you talking about you know what what's
good about us or exact and it's oh yeah
you know I knew this surgeon who
volunteered to come here and help poor
people during the war and he was canadia
it be so this like that guy is not a
normal Canadian no it's not like it's
like you know the people who do
humanitarian work you know these
wonderful people who leave the country
to this like that's not what a normal
Canadian is like so I just say I I
understand both sides it's not yeah the
average person is very much boring but
outside of Japan you meet you meet
interesting Japanese who anyway I had to
think about these things I don't know
from my own future I might I might open
a small hotel I might go into hotel work
and I was thinking about that like would
I want to run a hotel in Thailand using
the Japanese language like a Japanese or
aunt Adele you know I was thinking about
all these combinations but now I mean I
could I could go back to Japanese at any
time in the future it would be strange
but I'm thinking now going to get spend
this one year in conveying it should be
that now Chinese really becomes my
language of scholarship and and maybe
the language for business in my career
yeah also just mention you I really it's
it's funny for me because I did use to
speak the language every day and when I
would speak Thai I would speak Thai with
a with a lao accent you know I'd be
really speaking eighty percent Lao
twenty percent high which in Chiang Mai
is fine because Chiang Mai is far enough
north their their language is closer
it's more like Lao than thai maybe they
won't tell you that but some now for
like 10 years I really never spoke those
languages at eight years I don't know I
don't want to count but for many years
the not spoken languages but like people
were writing the email asking for advice
about Chiang Mai and i was i was
thinking and tie and i was typing and
tie and you know
feel it coming back so i don't know
maybe on this trip maybe i'll find out
that I've totally forgotten the language
and maybe it'll be nice to me to
remember and you know we'll look to
bring it back to veganism the
conversation you have most often is no I
can't eat meat does this have milk in it
like does this have eggs in it like this
is like of all the vocabulary this is
the vocabulary I'm best at is explaining
what I can't eat because you have that
conversation the language every day is
that like you say you speak tourist I
but you are you cause to saying is this
made of eggs or no you don't you don't
have this conversation no I usually just
like so ding j j or but i basically just
go to vegetarian restaurants so there's
no need for like when what about to
explain myself but what about the evil
fish sauce because people will say
they're vegetarian but then they'll give
you food with fishes have you had this
problem or no i don't know ah so maybe
nom nom wah nam plah that's literally
what yeah water fish non pas uh nan
prize is fish sauce and i even even when
I was in Europe I went into some
restaurants Thai restaurants or Lao
restaurants and i would say in the
language i know you say this is
vegetarian but is it made with with nam
plow with this fish stuff because it's
so it's so common to use it but yeah
ideas and it has actual fish in it but i
work anyway it's not it's not the worst
thing but yeah I learned to live in fear
of of some hidden non-vegan gradients
like that so ok cool so look uh the the
subject for this this conversation I
want to talk to you a little bit vote
was um you know gaining weight on high
fruit diets which is in some ways a
taboo topic I'd like to think just
during the last yeah just during the
last one year though I think people have
gotten a lot more honest about it like
it's gone from being a secret to being
slung people recognized important I need
to need to talk about so mostly i'm
gonna i'm going to listen to you i'll
ask some questions to prod you along i
would say in general
I think the people for whom the high
carb low fat diet works the best are the
people who do not follow the diet you
know like people who just in general
like if you in general you think eating
a lot of fruit is good and eating a lot
of vegetables is good but you don't
actually follow this diet you're not
you're not for example eating 3,000
calories a day with no exercise or what
have you but you you just have a
sensible approach then that can work but
I so I'm enters your story i'll just ask
you how did you first get into high carb
low fat or high fruit because i think
you had a you had a fruitarian period
right and and what your experience was
yeah i came from the headaches that I
had before so constant headaches
migraines so for me it was more about
health it was never about losing weight
I also did not come from a restrictive
past not all um and I think that's kind
of important because so many people are
coming from an eating disorder too
rotten for or any veganism whatever um
so um also free link during I did not
make me go vegan so I found its raw
foods high carb raw food thing and so
went raw vegan for half a year and I had
no weight issues but uh and but at same
time I was really hard to get in enough
calories since fruit is so low in
calories and I was exercising
substantially I was doing figure skating
three times a week usually between two
and three hours at the time and then in
general was just an active person and we
had like sports at school walking a lot
um I'm from a village I like I walk out
every word more or less um I was fairly
active suggested trip so that's
interesting though but in your first six
months where you went raw food and we're
eating a lot of fruit obviously during
the first six months though you actually
you actually did not gain weight during
that stage because the excuse right you
lost waitress
yeah lost a little today cuz I was like
um I had good body shape I was healthy
weight skinny whatever like you want to
call it never had issues with way so
going raw head I lost a little bit away
it's like a few kilos or so um then a at
some point I guess I was just like
eating too low fat even at the rough raw
vegan diet so reintroduced oil gained a
few kilos and then after having half a
year of like the raw foods period I um
had to really cooked food into my diet
didn't know oil and since it was so low
fat I was just like never feeling
satisfied again probably if 15 kilos
within a very short amount of time and I
could eat up at some points I was eating
up to 5,000 calories so but i guess like
the 3500 to 4,000 ish was like more to
average what I was eating so just wait
how did you get on the tide then was
that in response to free Lee's advice at
that stage when you were thinking that
you know 4,000 calories was fine yeah
yeah I actually like I got this idea in
my head that um like I had this is
unhealthy past of like my headaches and
I was drinking a lot of coffee before
going vegan to be functioning since I
couldn't sleep well with the headaches
and it was like a downward spiral on it
was just like not much to do um so I
thought oh my god it's probably I have
to pay for my past um and all you need
to stuff yourself because if you don't
do that you're not doing the diet right
or if you just eat one day not enough or
you don't feel full all the time you're
gonna get metabolic damage like stupid
[ __ ] like that yeah well insidious no
mean the metabolic damage for one thing
for one thing
this whole approach encourages the
mentality that anytime you feel sleepy
anytime you feel like you don't have
enough energy you should eat more and
you should eat more high calorie high
sugar food so that already to me that's
a type of eating disorder like I know
it's not as serious as you me it's not
as serious as anorexia but still people
eat compulsively that way were you know
whenever you're feeling rundown you feel
like you don't you not energetic to
blame that on oh I need more glucose
auntie to me that's that's already in
healthy and I think one thing nobody
else seems to take this seriously I have
I have at least one video where I do
take this seriously for these young
women there was a young woman who used
to be a model and then she's not
modeling anymore because it was that so
you know the the the idea of metabolic
damage like oh well you're only gaining
this weight for a few years yeah and
when you're talking about like age 19 to
21 that's a big part of a young person's
life you know like you know I mean for
me if it's 37 to 39 but you know then I
think you know nobody seems to take
seriously this is something that really
does damage people's lives I mean the
difference between being you know of
being overweight for those couple of
years in the prime of your life it can
influence you in all kinds of ways for
one thing it can destroy your career in
sports if you know if you really are
serious about sport or can you destroy
your career as a model for the the woman
it was a model so you say people seem to
not take that seriously as if metabolic
damage is if it doesn't matter just
because it has this this fancy name yeah
it's like a kind of religious you could
compare to some kind of religious belief
where you have to like sing for your
past or something like that like repay
right yeah yeah yeah but so for you you
there's some part to it because you
obviously damaged your body in the past
and I I was like suffering from the
headaches but that shouldn't necessarily
show in my weight you just want to know
your headaches I know you had doctors
involved were those diagnosed as being
related to dairy in your diet
or was there no clear diagnosis because
many migraine headaches are related to
you know cheese and Dara so just ask um
I my doctors didn't find anything I went
to different neurologist I'm at some
point i got like i did a headache
calendar or whatever you want to call it
where I was just like for a full year
was filling up every day how I was
feeling and the headaches also include
like light sensitivity like I couldn't
stand if there was some kind of light in
a room in front of me especially um
natural light was really hard for me I
would sometimes even get like just dizzy
from it like really bad but um okay good
so I was just asking if that was known
to be diet related or for them related
so I think so correctly from wrong but I
think for some people even though free
Lee's diet is crazy they think it must
be working because it helps them with
some other health conditions we were
wrong but I imagine that for you and for
people like you the feeling is well my
headaches got better so the diet must be
good it must be right I must stick with
it and I must believe in all the other
things because there's this one symptom
that got better would you when you say
that's true um yeah like um when I first
switch to cooked food I got a setback
I'd say in my head aches because I was I
guess my gut flora wasn't used to the to
the starches and I had a problem with
rice for sometimes like I remember one
time I ain't like I didn't have fruits i
just ate like rice and vegetables and i
got a migraine for a whole week that was
not awesome now i don't have any problem
with it whatsoever but yeah like rattle
for it can improve other symptoms so
people just take it as a given oh yeah
just like I'm just gonna gain weight for
a while but I got better in like another
part of my life that was ruined before
we know I'm hannya of the channel chania
mania this is my interpretation of her
but she had a number of health problems
that she thought the raw till 4 diet had
cured so way back so a couple years ago
she was a believer because she switched
diets and then these health problems
went away but eventually what she
figured out was no the health problems
came back again like you know they just
gotten better or temporarily and they
didn't really relate to the diet and the
Dietetics s problems but I think for her
I think it took her several years to to
get rid of that impression where she
felt this diet had cured me therefore
this diet has all the answers and
therefore even if it's 3,000 calories a
day she should she should follow the
other elements the diet but that's for
you Craig me wrong you you actually were
already interested in raw foodism before
you got involved with free leaves diet
so for you you actually went from a raw
food diet to the raw till 4 diet okay
that's unusual yeah yeah I actually at
the beginning I didn't even understand
her accent so yeah I just couldn't watch
the videos for a while no sure i'm sure
you've improved your english by
listening to durianrider and freely
swearing a lot you learned a lot of
curse words from Australia learning
English with freely and durianrider 101
Eagles so at what point did you did you
stop believing or when did he start to
question the kind of freely program
because I mean obviously the weight gain
alone so I mean one shows at some point
you notice that you were gaining weight
was that what made you question it or
was it a totally unrelated issue not at
all because I as I said before I thought
he was just part of the healing process
and um like I never really cared about
my weight and since the diet since Pete
gave me like my life back in a cert in a
way it didn't matter to me so then so my
questions then when did you start to
question the the basic ideas that I was
built on what I mean was it just did you
read something or did you just think
about it and what what happened
like I always was aware that like it
didn't satisfy me and I figured out it
was like to log pad because i was doing
90 95 5 for most of the time and i think
it's way too low especially for a young
person yeah um yeah did you have any of
the other problems that did you lose
your period due to the very low faq on
it or any other health problems or no
you did okay no I had um generally my
health improved it was just um the
weight gain basically Moreland all right
because I didn't really put any weight
like my health was so much more
important to me than my weight so I
didn't really care so it was like even
if it was even if I didn't feel
satisfied um it gave me so much more
else um back for my life other vitality
criminal about about one year ago today
I think you were still kind of a true
believer in freeland so I mean good gang
crime if I'm wrong so I'm guessing so
during the last year you've been living
in Asia and you've been thinking about
things different angles so what what
what do you think has changed you can
just speak more general what do you
think has changed in your life or your
understanding during the last year um
guess just more experience looking at
different people not just being
influenced by one person starting to
think bit more myself um basic stuff and
also um probably that I just didn't
really lose any weight but my health
like but my help was fine so um like I
had my health back any wool doesn't look
like that super awesome effect since it
wasn't just like a week ago that a
family felt better so that were off that
like priority and the help i like the
way one rice let's say we started to
question them it's interesting i mean i
had one person writing into me one fan
of my channel and she gained a lot of
weight i forget but more than 40 pounds
she need a lot of weight over a long
time on high carb low fat so over years
and years but i would guess I mean for
her the combination of I have to do this
it's good for my health even if when I
look in the mirror I'm getting fatter
and fatter instead of getting thinner
but also feeling face then they preach
right well but doesn't exist um but but
then also I mean this is paired with
like emotionally I'm saving the world
like this is morally good this is the
way to save the world this is the way to
cure cancer this is the way to save the
environment so think that combination of
being beautiful being strong saving the
world it's quite a I mean it for a young
person it's influential but actually the
woman who wrote to me she's of more than
40 years old so even for her I mean this
was this was quite a powerful kind of
you know religious experience this
combination of things am I I never got
too much into the the weight thing
because I had an experience were in
middle school I was at the boarding
school like one of the girls that I was
in the room which she got she became
anorexic and at some point she was just
measuring herself and also went to
measure myself yeah so that experience
like really like said the alarm bell
self and always made me aware that don't
ever go down that road and she was she
thought she was really fat and we were
about the same like sighs and I was like
a few centimeters like bigger around my
waist and she she was destroyed she was
like how can you be so skinny and she
was she was skinnier at me she could she
didn't get it at all so that was like an
experience that always like made me work
don't ever like care too much about like
you like not the body but like the the
slimness Hey look I'm happy for you in
some ways me at the start of this
conversation I learned you've really
kind of turned around your experience in
Thailand and made it into an educational
opportunity I mean if you're getting a
basis I mean that sincerely studying
Japanese and just having the experience
of
in Thailand I hope you're getting
something positive out of it but I mean
at the time corrective wrong but I think
you were also influenced by freely
enduring writer I at the time were you
were you planning to never go back to
high school were you planning to stay
dropped out of school or did it
influence the way you thought about your
own future that way and and your reasons
for being in Thailand or being in Asia
has that changed or not if it if it
hasn't you can say it's fine lots of
things have changed for me like I always
had issues with my family so there is
like a lid let's call it in a very minor
way like conflict um so for me going to
tell it was like a like ecstasy like an
emotional level so fruit and for me like
since I my experience in school was the
best with the headaches and changing
schools and like the new school I went
was like a complete waste of time
because I didn't have to study the whole
year to pass with decent grades um so it
was just like why am I wasting my time
in school but I'm not even learning
anything combined with the ecstasy
feeling of the of the festival it would
seem stupid to me to go back to to that
so I say and dropped out of high school
when to travel around Southeast Asia
Indonesia I psych singapura cycle
through Malaysia and I came back to to
chime I since that was like where the
happy feelings came from um obviously
when I came back he wasn't the same as
the festival since there wasn't as many
people it was like more of a normal kind
of thing um ya know the magistrate's
interesting but I mean now obviously I
mean in some ways it's a very negative
experience in life but you've gained
some new perspective on it and I mean I
think I think you are actually coming
out of this a lot you know richer for
the experience in some sense but I mean
I think it's interesting with the next
ty fruit festival coming up I think
you'll be able to look back and compare
how different you are as a person you
know one year ago versus now and it
sounds to me now like you do have some
idea for your own long-term future and
you know Asia and Asian languages are
going to be a part of which I can relate
to because that's that's how I felt when
I was younger too you know and and that
you know ultimately getting an education
and getting a job as a part of it but
you know meanwhile to say other people
are ice do see them dropping at a school
talked about that repeatedly on my
channel and kind of worshipping this
being on vacation forever thing it's
like well you know somebody somebody has
to be a medical doctor somebody has to
go to school and work in a hospital
somebody you know all the things that
make life possible all those respectable
rolls all that responsibility it's still
it's still waiting for you and you know
not everyone can live like durianrider
and not everyone wants to so yeah I try
to talk about that stuff okay pretty
horrible I mean from drug use to welfare
and everything it's just recently that
he like turned his life around yeah well
I've said that on my channel many times
like if you were my own brother you know
I would just say I'm so happy if you're
like I'm so happy you got off the drugs
I'm so happy you're not homeless I'm so
happy you're not in jail and that would
be hit but he's in a very strangely
influential position over people who you
know one way or another are kind of weak
enough to fall under his spell which you
know because I think when people get
like hooked on to them when they were in
some kind of like emotionally unstable
place and that's why they look up to
them because they they give them
direction they give them like hope to
give them a mission to give them purpose
so that's why I think also people are so
um like so extreme in their way of like
sticking to them even if they say
something completely ridiculous and
disrespectful or or even if they just
gained 20 pounds or gained 15 kilos or
were they were ignoring that
even it's so much because it like you
think it gave you so much money value
right right what preach that uh what's
it again like attitude of gratitude hard
[ __ ] up hardened to [ __ ] up no excuses
just do it that kind of like right and
that that also leads ultimately to
victim blaming because if you're fat
it's your fault it can't be free least
fault it can't be the diet's full you
should feel bad etc etc yeah so I'll
just measure has been manipulated or
anything or just like make some belief
or or or just you know you may have a
job where you can't burn 3,000 calories
a day you know not everyone is doing
long-distance cycling I i mentioned in
my chair I used to do long-distance
cycling in Thailand and it's true you
can burn a ton of calories just the
sweating even more than the muscular
says is the heat but you know if you if
you sit at a desk reading books all day
you can't you can't hold down that place
though and I was just good measure I
think it's funny the contrast because
many of the people who endorse freely
and durianrider where they they kind of
promote them and they they want their
own YouTube channel to be promoted their
friends they don't follow the high carb
low fat diet they're vegans like all the
bodybuilders including the ones who are
personal friends with durianrider
they're all tracking their macros you
know keeping their calorie count low
keeping their protein intake hi so it's
a protein limited carbohydrate limited
character and I was talking about vegan
cheetah with this actually didn't put
the video on my channel so it was a
private conversation but I remember he
was fine with it but I was saying to him
like look so cheetah said even you
you've been afraid to talk about what
your diet really is and said I know I
know he's afraid of it like the talking
about restricting calories has become
taboo people are afraid to talk about it
now I'm not saying normal people need to
if you want to be a competitive
bodybuilder I mean like vegan vegan
cheetah he's he's trying to keep his
muscle mass as high as possible and his
fat as as low as possible
naturally low you know so that you know
when bodybuilders when they pose you can
see the muscle standing out clearly now
that less than one percent of people are
ever going to do that normal normal
people do not need a body builders diet
or training but to me that's always just
been such an incongruous contrast or
it's like well the people who are
promoting your diet or promoting your
YouTube channel they don't remotely
follow these kind of pseudo medical that
they're not eating unlimited
carbohydrates they're eating limited
cover it's and I'm not you know seen
unlimited yeah you also i'll just say I
mean I nobody wants to know about my
diet cuz I'm not an athlete myself but I
I do eat a high-carb low-fat diet my
diet has amazing a little fat in it I
don't look that great that's why I
wouldn't preach it my diet consists here
in Canada right now consists entirely of
like bananas bagels and I've got some
grapefruit so it's it's all fruit and
bread my diet I'm vegan and I take I
take a multivitamin I take I do take
supplements to make sure I'm getting you
know vitamin b12 in the violence but if
I wanted to look like a bodybuilder I
wouldn't be doing this at all and if I
wanted to look like a model be doing
something else and so on so anyway I
just Mitchell so so I told you this a
private conversation but like for me the
main thing that's appealing about having
a lot of fruit in your diet is that
you're doing less cooking and for me I
live alone I don't really want to cook a
complex pasta and then sit need it alone
you know like to me it's kind of point
so I just say there were other reasons
that have nothing if weight loss you
know for why I eat a lot of fruit or why
why other people might be drawn to a
fruitarian or high carb high carb low
fat lifestyle so hmm anyway cool i
wanted to keep this this interview
relatively short so shall we stop it
here from my perspective I'm going to
see you in Chiang Mai in a couple of
weeks because we're both going to be in
Thailand so I'm eight I may wear a
disguise so that you know during writers
followers don't hunt me down so I don't
know i'll get i'll get some get some big
sunglasses or something but in that
great great talk
julia and again I'm I learned a lot of
things about you talking now that I
didn't know before and I'm really happy
for you so you know and maybe both of us
maybe Japanese we part of our futures
and maybe tiling to be part of our
futures but you know stay in touch that
I hope I talk all the time on my channel
that how hard it is to know five people
you can cooperate with and you know how
hard it is to keep in touch with people
when you're a nomad when you live in
countries so I hope you're one of the
five people I still know five years from
now